- Most of the work we will be doing in this course
is adding security to a web application.
To save immense time,
and you watching me type a whole bunch of code,
and so that we can focus on spring security,
I've created a spring boot based web application
that we will use.
The project details are important to fully understand.
This is a simple monolithic web application
based on spring MVC.
I am using Thymeleaf with a little bit of bootstrap styling
to make the application more attractive.
And, so you can work with principles
in the application itself
in both the view and the model.
We're using an embedded H2 database
with default schema and data files
that are preloaded by the application context starting up,
so we have a fresh database at every restart.
We also have simple spring data repositories
to connect to that data source itself.
Now, let's take a look at the application.
You'll see in the exercise files,
there's a spring security folder.
And, within there is our default application
called admin web.
Now, you can choose to continue to modify this
throughout the course,
or you can copy it,
however you see fit.
Within admin web,
you'll notice we've got a Palm file.
So, now if we want to source main Java,
you'll see our base package.
And, within there, we have a data package.
In there, there's a model package
that has a model for our customer,
a model for our orders,
and a repository for each one.
And, in our web package,
we have a controller for the customer,
our home controller, an order controller,
and an order model,
because we combine some of the data models
into a single model for one of our pages.
We've got the standard spring boot application starter
and then, within our resources,
we've got the schema file that has two tables
for table customer and table orders.
And, then a data file that populates that
with some default data.
Let's go ahead and start up our application
and allow it to build and start.
And, now, on a web browser,
let's navigate to local host 8080,
and you'll see we have our application.
I can go to customers.
I can see all of our customers.
I can see details of those customers.
I can also go to orders and I can look at the orders.
And, from there I can get into a detailed customer view.
It's a pretty simple application.
It's whole purpose is just to show you different pages
so we can secure them as we go throughout the course.
And, that's the introduction to the project
and we have everything we need to get started.